docs/notes.md, before:

# Notes

### TODO
- [ ] Add an `Edit` page to edit a single Post.
- [ ] Link to edit page from the Tagged Post page.
- [ ] Add a link to full image in the Tagged Posts page.
- [ ] Create a new `feeds` table to hold the list of Posts Ids and use those to load the actual Post in the PostService. The service should now load them in order of creation.
- [ ] Create a job that add records to the `feeds` table from random Posts at a rate of 500 per day.
 
### Completed
- [x] Add a new 'active' field to Items table and default to true.
- [x] Install and configure [Horizon](https://laravel.com/docs/9.x/horizon).
- [x] [HEIC to JPG](https://blog.genijaho.dev/how-to-add-support-for-heic-images-with-imagemagick-in-php)
- [x] Add a `source` field to Posts table to see where did the content comes from
- [x] Dial down the item import to once every 3 hours.
- [x] Move getting the items resolution to a Job to scan the files and save to database (media table as custom properties).
- [x] Display the `videos` in the content page.
- [x] Add a new Comments table and relate it to Post.
- [x] Add the ability to assign new tags.
- [x] Wire the `comments, info, and settings` buttons in the content page.
- [X] Create the Tags page.
- [x] Wire the `loader <div>` to a livewire component and load the next page of posts (added a refresh button instead).

### Not Implemented
- [x] <del>Create a job to scan all the imported files and add the exif data to the items table (EXIF for images, FFPROB for videos).</del>
- [x] <del>Create a job to scan for HEIC images, change the type from `video` to `image` and convert the file to JPG.</>
- [x] <del>Add a Foreign-Id restriction to the og_item_id in the items table.</dev>
- [x] <del>Add a `duplicates()` relationship top the Item model.<del>
- [x] <del>Create a job to look for Items without media and try to update them. If it can't disable the Item.</del>
- [x] <del>Change the Extra Info to load on-demand.</del>

Commit message:

Added the libraries to use MongoDB and changed all the classes to use this database for the feed. Created a Command, Job, and Service to generate Feed records based on the Posts.

docs/notes.md, after:

# Notes

### TODO
- [ ] Add an `Edit` page to edit a single Post.
- [ ] Link to edit page from the Tagged Post page.
- [ ] Add a link to full image in the Tagged Posts page.
- [ ] Add a `hide` button in the content page to help move the feed along.

### Completed
- [x] Add a new 'active' field to Items table and default to true.
- [x] Install and configure [Horizon](https://laravel.com/docs/9.x/horizon).
- [x] [HEIC to JPG](https://blog.genijaho.dev/how-to-add-support-for-heic-images-with-imagemagick-in-php)
- [x] Add a `source` field to Posts table to see where did the content comes from
- [x] Dial down the item import to once every 3 hours.
- [x] Move getting the items resolution to a Job to scan the files and save to database (media table as custom properties).
- [x] Display the `videos` in the content page.
- [x] Add a new Comments table and relate it to Post.
- [x] Add the ability to assign new tags.
- [x] Wire the `comments, info, and settings` buttons in the content page.
- [X] Create the Tags page.
- [x] Wire the `loader <div>` to a livewire component and load the next page of posts (added a refresh button instead).
- [x] Create a new `feeds` table to hold the list of Posts Ids and use those to load the actual Post in the PostService. The service should now load them in order of creation.
- [x] Create a job that add records to the `feeds` table from random Posts at a rate of 500 per day.

### Not Implemented
- [x] <del>Create a job to scan all the imported files and add the exif data to the items table (EXIF for images, FFPROB for videos).</del>
- [x] <del>Create a job to scan for HEIC images, change the type from `video` to `image` and convert the file to JPG.</>
- [x] <del>Add a Foreign-Id restriction to the og_item_id in the items table.</dev>
- [x] <del>Add a `duplicates()` relationship top the Item model.<del>
- [x] <del>Create a job to look for Items without media and try to update them. If it can't disable the Item.</del>
- [x] <del>Change the Extra Info to load on-demand.</del>
